"Without commitment, you’ll never start. Without consistency, you’ll never finish." — Denzel Washington
"Consistency finishes what intensity starts." — Shane Parrish
"If you can’t be consistent, then you can’t be anything." — Tony Gaskins
"Don’t aim for consistently heroic efforts. Aim for being heroic at consistency." — Kelly Starrett
"Without consistency, there is no moral strength." — John Owen
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is a habit." — Will Durant
"To be successful at anything, you don’t have to be different. You simply have to be what most aren’t: consistent." — Steven Bartlett
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." — Robert Collier
"Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way." — Aristotle
"What you do daily determines what you become permanently." — Mike Murdock
"Consistency beats inspiration." — Daniel Pink
"Consistency is a superpower." — Ryan Holiday
"The secrets are deceptively simple: consistency, patience." — Jack Butcher
"The doorway to self-trust is consistency." — Maxime Lagacé
"Discipline, consistency and patience. If you lack these, you won’t grow." — James Clear
"I’m convinced consistency creates events others call 'luck'." — Jon Brosio
"You must first become consistent before you can become exceptional." — Alex Hormozi
"Stop trying to be spectacular. Start being consistent." — Shane Parrish
"It’s not what you know, it’s what you do consistently." — Tim Ferriss
"Success is all about consistency around the fundamentals." — Robin S. Sharma
"Constant repetition carries conviction." — Robert Collier
"You can be really successful and happy by just doing a few things well, consistently." — Zuby
"Deep work + time + consistency = mastery." — Maxime Lagacé
"Success = 5% brains, 95% consistency." — Steven Bartlett
"The 'secret' to getting what you want? Consistency." — Mel Robbins
"You dont need to be smart. You need to be consistent." — Alex Hormozi
"Consistency enlarges ability." — James Clear
"Long-term consistency trumps short-term intensity." — Bruce Lee
"How you do anything is how you do everything." — T. Harv Eker
"The rarest of human qualities is consistency." — Jeremy Bentham
"Anyone can do it once. The best do it consistently." — Shane Parrish
"Consistency is the DNA of mastery." — Robin S. Sharma
"Discipline is consistency of action." — James C. Collins
"Trust is built with consistency." — Lincoln Chafee
"The secret of success is constancy of purpose." — Benjamin Disraeli
"Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life." — Tony Robbins
"It’s remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid, instead of trying to be very intelligent." — Charlie Munger
"To be successful at anything, the truth is you don’t have to be special. You just have to be what most people aren’t: consistent, determined and willing to work for it." — Tom Brady
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." — Benjamin Franklin
"In order to achieve great things in your life, you have to be consistent in what you are doing." — Emmitt Smith
"Small disciplines repeated with consistency every day lead to great achievements gained slowly over time." — John C. Maxwell
"Small things, done consistently in strategic places, create major impact." — David Allen
"My success is due more to my ability to work continuously on one thing without stopping than to any other single quality." — Thomas A. Edison
"Just begin and the mind grows heated; continue, and the task will be completed!" — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Remember, don’t try to build the greatest wall that’s ever been built. Focus on laying a single, expertly-placed brick. Then keep doing that, every day." — Will Smith
"Those who conduct themselves with morality, integrity and consistency need not fear the forces of inhumanity and cruelty." — Nelson Mandela
"Success is neither magical nor mysterious. It is no more than the natural consequence of consistently applying basic fundamentals." — Jim Rohn
"Passion. Risk. Tenacity. Consistency. This is my professional history." — Giorgio Armani
"Consistency is what counts; you have to be able to do things over and over again." — Hank Aaron
"Day by day, what you do is who you become." — Heraclitus
"Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing. That’s the Law of Consistency. If you want to grow, consistency is key." — John C. Maxwell
"Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently." — Marie Forleo
"Work is doing it. Discipline is doing it every day. Diligence is doing it well every day." — Dave Ramsey
"Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." — Lao Tzu
"You have to perform at a consistently higher level than others. That’s the mark of a true professional." — Joe Paterno
"Adventure in life is good; consistency in coffee even better." — Justina Chen Headley
"Everything you want stands on the other side of thousands of hours of monotonous consistency. Learn to cherish it." — Dickie Bush
"Talent and potential means nothing if you can’t consistently do the boring things when you don't feel like doing them." — Shane Parrish
"The young rely on mood; the wise rely on consistency." — Maxime Lagacé
"Great work happens by focusing consistently on something you’re genuinely interested in." — Paul Graham
"The days can be easy if the years are consistent. You can write a book or get in shape or code a piece of software in 30 minutes per day. But the key is you can’t miss a bunch of days." — James Clear
"Success is the result of your consistency invisibly compounding for you, over long periods of time. Greatness isn’t one decision. Great is just good repeated, over and over again." — Steven Bartlett
"When building habits, choose consistency over content." — Naval Ravikant
"High standards are consistent across top performers. When you look at any athlete or team that performs on a level beyond what you can explain by luck or talent, you find a commitment to high standards." — Shane Parrish
"The real authority is consistency over intensity." — Maxime Lagacé
"Getting 1 percent better every day counts for a lot in the long-run." — James Clear
"A surprising amount of success is simply consistence and persistence." — Mark Manson
"In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently." — Tony Robbins
"Repetition of the same thought or physical action develops into a habit which, repeated frequently enough, becomes an automatic reflex." — Norman Vincent Peale
"I don’t wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work." — Pearl S. Buck
"Successful people do ordinary things with extraordinary consistency, commitment and focus." — Jon Gordon
"The only way to achieve greatness in life is to have patience, consistency, and discipline." — David Goggins
"Give me 100 percent. You can’t make up for a poor effort today by giving 110 percent tomorrow. You don’t have 110 percent. You only have 100 percent, and that’s what I want from you right now." — John Wooden
"Your talk talks and your walk talks, but your walk talks louder than your talk talks." — John C. Maxwell
"Today begins, tomorrow continues, and it never ends until you reach your goal." — Greg Plitt
"The hallmark of excellence, the test of greatness, is consistency." — Jim Tressel
"Life is a mirror of your consistent thoughts." — Napoleon Hill
"Uncontrolled variation is the enemy of quality." — W. Edwards Deming
"Every action you take is a vote for the type of person you wish to become." — James Clear
"The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine." — Mike Murdock
"You’re subject to sorrow, fear, jealousy, anger and inconsistency. That’s the real reason you should admit that you are not wise." — Marcus Aurelius
"The most successful people I know are rarely extraordinary. They do ordinary things with extraordinary consistency while everyone else is distracted by literally everything." — Justin Welsh
"You will never change your life until you change something you do daily." — Mike Murdock
"To live a life of virtue, you have to become consistent, even when it isn’t convenient, comfortable, or easy." — Epictetus
"The signature of mediocrity is chronic inconstancy. The signature of greatness is a disciplined and consistent focus on the right things." — James C. Collins
"Discipline is a choice. It’s simply consistently choosing the hard right over the easy wrong." — Rory Vaden
"Repetition is the mother of learning, the father of action, which makes it the architect of accomplishment." — Zig Ziglar
"Short-term results come from intensity. Long-term results come from consistency." — Shane Parrish
"The best performers are not consistently great, but they are great at being consistent." — Steve Magness
"Most people don’t have a talent problem. They have a consistency problem." — Nicolas Cole
"Wise people use silence. Disciplined people use rituals. Reliable people use consistency." — Maxime Lagacé
"Social media says: do everything, everywhere, all at once. Reality says: focus on doing one or two things extremely well, in one place, consistently, over a long period of time." — Mark Manson
"Consistency before intensity. Start small and become the kind of person who shows up every day. Build a new identity. Then increase the intensity." — James Clear
"Not feeling your best doesn’t mean you still can’t show up and win." — Alex Hormozi
"Discipline is about doing what you know you’ve got to do even when you don’t feel like it. But for your efforts to make a difference, you must be consistent." — Daniel Walter
"We’re not aiming for perfection here, only consistency. Keeping the habit alive means keeping it rooted in your routine no matter how tiny it is." — B.J. Fogg
"Consistency is better than perfection. We can all be consistent – perfection is impossible." — Michael Hyatt
"Nothing is stronger than habit." — Ovid
"Don't expect to be motivated every day to get out there and make things happen. You won't be. Don't count on motivation. Count on discipline." — Jocko Willink
"If your habits don’t line up with your dream, then you need to either change your habits or change your dream." — John C. Maxwell
"Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them." — Roy T. Bennett
"Ancient Rule of 21: if you do anything for 21 days in a row, it will be installed as a habit." — Robin S. Sharma
"Keep walking the walk, one step at a time." — Joyce Meyer
"Success is having consistent work habits." — Peter J. Daniels
"Greatness is consistency. Meditating once is common. Meditating daily is rare. Exercising today is simple. Training every week is simply remarkable. Writing one essay doesn’t mean much. Writing every day practically makes you a hero. Unheroic days can make for heroic decades." — James Clear
